docs(api): add type and example documentation to Stencil primitives (#1352)
ionic-team/stencil-site: versioned_docs/version-v4.12/components/api.md

## Other

The following primitives can be imported from the `@stencil/core` package and used within the lifecycle of a component:

- [**Host**](./host-element.md): `<Host>`, is a functional component that can be used at the root of the render function to set attributes and event listeners to the host element itself. Refer to the [Host Element](./host-element.md) page for usage info.

> - **Fragment**: `<Fragment>`, often used via `<>...</>` syntax, lets you group elements without a wrapper node. Make sure you define a `jsxFragmentFactory` compiler option alongside `jsxFactory` when using this functional component.

Reviewer: Can we clarify which compiler (stencil vs typescript) this is for? 

I tried to add the word "TypeScript" along with the value setting to "Fragment" and my edits didn't sound good in my head. What do you think about:

```suggestion
- **Fragment**: `<Fragment>`, often used via `<>...</>` syntax, lets you group elements without a wrapper node.

To use this feature, ensure that the following TypeScript compiler options are set:
- [`jsxFragmentFactory` is set](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#jsxFragmentFactory) to "Fragment"
- [`jsxFactory` is set](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#jsxFactory) to "h"
```

## Other

The following primitives can be imported from the `@stencil/core` package and used within the lifecycle of a component:

- [**Host**](./host-element.md): `<Host>`, is a functional component that can be used at the root of the render function to set attributes and event listeners to the host element itself. Refer to the [Host Element](./host-element.md) page for usage info.

- **Fragment**: `<Fragment>`, often used via `<>...</>` syntax, lets you group elements without a wrapper node.

To use this feature, ensure that the following TypeScript compiler options are set:
- [`jsxFragmentFactory` is set](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#jsxFragmentFactory) to "Fragment"

> - [`jsxFactory` is set](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#jsxFactory) to "h"

Reviewer 2: I don't see these lines in the other versions, so I think maybe it just needs to be copied around

Author: Good catch 👌 I populated the change to other versions

## Other

> The following primitives can be imported from the `@stencil/core` package and used within the lifecycle of a component:

Author: Good catch 👌
